there are a ton of fish in the sea but
there is one fish in particular that we
are working very hard to take out and
that is the invasive lionfish lionfish
were introduced off the coast of south
florida in the mid-nineteen eighties
lionfish are prolific breeders one lion
fish and all of her offspring can
produce 8.1 quintillion eggs in just
three months they're kind of like the
Hoover vacuums of the sea they gobble up
anything they can fit in their mouth up
to half their size and unfortunately
that includes a lot of the native fish
species that are ecologically and
economically important one of the really
innovative ways people are tackling the
invasive lionfish problem actually
involves turning the fins and spines
lionfish into jewelry so now the landing
value of the lionfish is higher and
fishermen are strange to go after
lionfish more and more and they are the
ultimate conversation-starter who knew
that wearing a fish could help save the
ocean three through . you probably heard
of BASE jumping but do you really know
what they stand for